added BOLD_FRAME and INTERIOR_MEDIUM_FRAME (#3161)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/changelog.txt

## API

## Lua

> - `widget`: added two new window borders, ``BOLD_FRAME`` and ``INTERIOR_MEDIUM_FRAME``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added two new window borders: ``gui.BOLD_FRAME`` for accented elements and ``gui.INTERIOR_MEDIUM_FRAME`` for a signature-less frame that's thicker than the existing ``gui.INTERIOR_FRAME``
```
